uh.  it's adorable, no doubt.  i mean, like really fucking adorable.  the kind of adorable i wouldn't normally sully with profanity but who the fuck am i kidding?  sometimes a review just doesn't sound right without a sprinkling of choice four letter words.  i consider it to be my certain charm.  and you probably consider it to be really fucking gimmicky and annoying.  to you i say, touche!

so yes, adorable.  now on to the not so great parts also known as, THE TRUTH HURTS.  the selection at Miette is fairly sparse and the staff member i talked to didn't seem super knowledgeable about candy.  in general or in particular.  She sure knew how to completely ignore me and talk to the only other bitch in the place about how they chose the wallpaper for the store and also, her flat redecoration plans with her lubby hubby.  Cute!  When i asked (very sweetly asked, I might add.  Anyone who knows me will tell you that I am super charming adorable on the outside and all hell hath no fury inside.  but i digress.), "What's vegan?" she told me they had some licorice.  that's it.  i then went on to inquire, "are the dark chocolate malt balls vegan?" and she answered, "huh, i don't know.  they might say on the package in back."  AND THAT WAS THAT.  oh wait, no.  she told me that she was inclined to believe that they are vegan but wasn't sure.  she didn't offer to go look or extend any assistance in picking anything else out.  listen, bitch.  if you're going to sell this fat girl who is on a ridiculous candy time in candy town binge some powerfully overpriced sweets, you're gonna have to work a leeeeeetle harder.  And yes, I may be dressed like your friendly neighborhood bird lady but mama is packing a fire in her belly and some heat in her wallet.  and by fire, i mean an entire el farolito burrito and by heat, i mean a crisp ten dollar bill.  LET'S DO BUSINESS!  

anyway, i ended up picking out some goodies for my parents because god knows, they could give a fuck if dead baby panda was in their candy.  I chose a scrumdidiliumptious Charles' Chocolate Bar for myself because I am familiar with it and know it's vegan.  and i only know that because the smart and lovely folks at Chocolate Covered on 24th st tell you what's what when it comes to vegan chocolate.  or any chocolate for that matter because they are true candy lovers and their selection is infinitely better as i'm sure is the case with many other chocolate/candy shops in the bay area i'm just not familiar with them so i can't give you any names and in conclusion, BACK OFF LEAVE ME ALONE.

i would probably give this place two stars if it wasn't independently owned but i do have a soft spot for the little guy (or the waspy white lady, in this case) and i know it's expensive and very difficult to open a business so i really do hope they are able to stock their shelves with a bigger selection in the future and maybe employ some folks who are truly passionate about delicious candy.  at this point, i would only go back if i were in the neighborhood and in the mood to be ignored and um, wanted a piece of australian licorice.  that i can get at trader joe's for ten times cheaper.  

also, this might just be me and it probably is but i really don't like being sold candy by a skinny white b*tch...there is just something so false about it.  i want my candy lady to be plump, rosy cheeked and wearing a pink gingham apron.  call me a bigot but whatever.

Update: fuck it, one star.  I was harassed by the owner's f*cktard boyfriend for my review...further proving that customer service and Miette, they don't go hand in hand.  Oh and if you write a negative review of this place be prepared for an episode of, When Skinny White B*tches Attack.  Luckily, the brain needs fat to function so they are a feeble adversary.
